Calm down march
Let me explain.
What's there to explain?
You know he's mad at you, I know
So what?
What about you? Do you have any problems at all?
It's my fault, I shouldn't care about him
Just let him sleep on the street
It's not that I didn't tell you.
I helped him out of good intentions
He wouldn't let me tell you.
If only he knew I told you
What to do if you are excited
He's been through too much stimulation lately
I thought I wouldn't tell you until he calmed down
Never mind.
If you think I'm doing something wrong
You can blame me and scold me
You're my only brother
Whatever. What about me?
Don't I feel the same way?
Don't I have only one brother like you?
I just feel like
You've kept me alive for so long
I didn't think it through
Not next time.
Hey, you don't like anyone, do you?
Yes I like him
Hahaha
How is that possible? You are my only brother.
He is the woman you like
How could I like him?
Haha, don't kid me.
Why is Master Song jealous?
How can there be
He's been reluctant to talk to me lately
Don't be with him all the time
Didn't he send it out?
I won't let him abort the baby